# [中文版](https://github.com/vtddggg/training_template_for_AI_challenger_sea8/blob/main/README_CN.md) | English

## Usage

The code is the training example of AAAI2022 Security AI Challenger Program Phase 8: Data Centric Robot Learning on ML models. 
Contestants can quickly use the following two commands to train the `resnet50` and `densenet121` models needed for this competition:
```
git clone https://github.com/vtddggg/training_template_for_AI_challenger_sea8.git && cd training_template_for_AI_challenger_sea8
sh train.sh
```
When you finish running, a file named `Dataset.zip` will be generated in the current path. You can directly upload this file as the baseline submission.

## Notice

In order to reproduce the training process, all random seeds in the code have been fixed. We encourage competitors to train on a newer version of pytorch. 
It is recommended to use the pytorch official docker: `pytorch/pytorch: 1.8.1-cuda10.2-cudnn7-runtime`

We open the training log on Geforce RTX 2080ti. 
It should be noted that training on different types of GPU devices may produce slightly different results, 
and these small differences can be ignored in the final verification of performance.

## Create Your Own Submissions

Contestants must submit a `.zip` file (including `data.npy`, `label.npy`, `config.py`, `resnet50.pth.tar` and `densenet121.pth.tar`). These files are generated through the following steps:

1. `data.npy`, `label.npy`, `config.py` can be created and modified as user-defined training data and config, but they need to meet the restrictions given in here. In addition to the training data and config, other files in `training_template_for_AI_challenger_sea8` are fixed and cannot be changed by users.

2. replace the above three files in `training_template_for_AI_challenger_sea8` and do `sh train.sh`.

3. When training is finished, submit the generated 'Dataset.zip' to the competition page.

It should be noted that after the submission evaluation stage finished, we will verify the training results of the submissions. Therefore, please always note that the `resnet50.pth.tar` and `densenet121.pth.tar` are in the submitted `Dataset.zip` are indeed generated by the corresponding `data.npy`, `label.npy`, `config.py`.

Thank you for your participation. Wish all of you acheve good results!
